---
layout: post
title:  "Happy to take this blog down when Paul has been fired."
data:   2025-08-25 19:43:51 -0500
categories: cove
---
Hey guys, if the Cove board is reading this I just want to say that I will be happy to take down this blog and not share it with Shorewood once Paul has been fired. I have no animosity towards anyone at the Cove, I just think it was remarkable that you gave Paul a warning after his cruel and violent attack on Sara Matthews. Is it fair to Sara that she has to live with her assailant working in her building? Forget about Paul demanding I perform analingus on him or threatening to rape my skull by calling me a "Fuckhead". I don't even care about the fact he has called me a fucking loser on three occasions. I understand why Paul is frustrated with me. He has no kids of his own and wants to be my Dad. He thinks I just need to be harassed a bit more for the idea to cross my mind. That's why he sings outside of my unit and shouts at Suzy in his office with the door open so we can hear it in our living room. This is my fault for not wanting him to be my Dad because I don't want to see his ugly face all day every day in my unit. I deserve all of the harassment and stalking I am receiving. I get that. I'm not complaining about that, all I'm saying is is this fair to Sara Matthews? Imagine what she went through, tripping on that ladder and dropping her groceries all over herself. Lying there on the ladder in the elevator, with Paul Vaccaro standing over her and saying nothing, not trying to help her up. Is it fair she had to go through with that? Is it fair Paul kept his job and she has to live in fear in her own building? Are certain female members of the board fucking Paul and that's why we can't replace him with someone else with equal or greater vaccuming ability for Sara's sake? You have my email, please let me know.