---
layout: post
title:  "Initial Steps Toward Removing Paul Vaccaro"
date:   2025-08-25 08:00:00 -0500
categories: jekyll update
---
It is my personal quest to get Paul Vaccaro terminated from employment by the Cove for his numerous acts of violence, stalking and harassment. Getting him fired will not be an easy task; He has many allies on the board, and he spends most of his time socializing with residents, given there is very little actual work for him to do. He picks roughly five percent of residents at the Cove to antagonize, and my Mother and I have been chosen by him to be victimized simply because we don't want him in our family. It is an extremely upsetting situation, and it calls for taking drastic action, as every day his behavior becomes more and more erratic and my family falls into even greater danger. He is mentally unstable, cannot control his anger, and given that he has committed acts of violence in the past, we can only assume that he will do so again.


In planning to convince the Cove Unit Owners Association Board of Directors to terminate Paul Vaccaro, I have made a few strategic decisions regarding what initial steps we should pursue. First, instead of trying to paint a broad picture of Paul's mental instability, violence, misconduct and hostile behavior, I believe we initially would be best served by focusing on his most egregious act of violence to date. This would be incident when he booby trapped an elevator with a short ladder laid flat on the floor of the elevator to hurt a woman who had rejected his romantic overtures and denied him the opportunity of living at the Cove; that woman is Cove resident Sara Matthews. Paul Vaccaro saw her groceries from her car and correctly asserted the items she would be carrying would obstruct her vision sufficiently enough to cause her to trip over a ladder placed on the floor of the elevator. I often think of her losing her balance and trying to reach out toward the ground in a desperate, hopeless attempt to protect herself from a violent landing, not knowing if her hands would land on the carpet or the ladder itself, not knowing if she would touch a flat surface or if her delicate hands and arms would be awkwardly contorted against Paul Vaccaro's cruel trap.


Second, instead of trying to convince compartmentalized Cove Unit owners to apply pressure to the board to fire Vaccaro, we should reach out to the surrounding Village of Shorewood Hills neighborhood and alert them to the presence of this violent, mentally unstable individual. My hope is that by word of mouth, news of Paul's most violent attack will spread throughout Shorewood Hills, and out of fear of being embarrassed in front of the greater Shorewood Hills community, the Cove Board of Directors will move to fire him.


This is only the initial phase of our efforts, and we must make additional preparations. The board might be slow to react, as they only gave Paul a warning for attacking Sara Matthews, and admitting this was a highly insufficient way to respond to such a brutal assault could be embarrassing for the board members. Only by making it clear that all of Shorewood Hills will learn of their handling of this incident if Paul Vaccaro is not soon fired will the board have the opportunity to realize which option is least embarrassing. I am preparing numerous PDF documents with LaTeX for distribution throughout Shorewood, both electronically and with paper copies. These include the Shorewood Hills Violence Alert Flyer at <http://shorewoodhillsviolencealert.github.io> and a longer document I am preparing with Latex's `book` class called the [Shorewood Hills Violence Alert Report (SHVAR)](https://github.com/qtleeq/Shorewood-Hills-Violence-Alert-Report). I expect SHVAR to be a few hundred pages long when it is completed. It will be an exhaustive collection of accounts of all of Paul Vaccaro's recorded violence, threats, sexual harassment, misconduct and other disturbing behavior. Potentially it will include many of the stories we have heard from people who formerly lived at the Cove and moved away out of fear for their safety.

I expect the board to retaliate against me for drawing attention to their inexcusable decision to acknowledge Paul Vaccaro brutally attacked Sara Matthews and letting him off with a warning. This will not deter me, and I will remain steadfast and continue to assure all parties that I will make the board's mortifying handling of this disturbing incident broadly known if Paul Vaccaro is not fired quickly.